README.md, before:

### Hi 👋, i'm Justin.

I'm *software engineer*, *cloud devops* and *graphic designer* .
As a software engineer, I have experience in designing, developing, and maintaining software. 
With regards to cloud devops, I am skilled in using *Amazon Web Services (AWS)* to create scalable and highly available cloud environments.
Finally, as a graphic designer, I have significant experience in creating attractive and compelling designs for a variety of projects.
Overall, I am a multidisciplinary professional who can bring both technical and creative expertise to any project.

### Languages and tools :

[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="Spring boot" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/spring/spring-original.svg"  style="padding-right: 10px;" />]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="VueJs" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vuejs/vuejs-original.svg" style="padding-right: 10px;" />]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="Javascript" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" style="padding-right: 10px;" />]
[<img align="left" alt="MySQL" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />]
[<img align="left" alt="PostgreSQL" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="Typescript" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg"  style="padding-right: 10px;" />]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="Html 5" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" style="padding-right: 10px;" />]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="Css 3" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" style="padding-right: 10px;" />]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="Amazon Web Services" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original.svg" style="padding-right: 10px;" />]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="Git" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" style="padding-right: 10px;" />]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="Visual Studio Code" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" style="padding-right: 10px;" />]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="Intelij" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/intellij/intellij-original.svg" style="padding-right: 10px;" />]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="Figma" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" style="padding-right: 11px;" />]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="Adobe Illustrator" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/illustrator/illustrator-plain.svg" style="padding-right: 10px;" />]
### ⭐ GitHub Stats
![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=justinadjassem)

Commit message:

ADD GMAIL BADGE AND LINKDIN

README.md, after:

### Hi 👋, i'm Justin.

I'm *software engineer*, *cloud devops* and *graphic designer* .
As a software engineer, I have experience in designing, developing, and maintaining software. 
With regards to cloud devops, I am skilled in using *Amazon Web Services (AWS)* to create scalable and highly available cloud environments.
Finally, as a graphic designer, I have significant experience in creating attractive and compelling designs for a variety of projects.
Overall, I am a multidisciplinary professional who can bring both technical and creative expertise to any project.

📫 How to reach me:
[![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](justin.adjassem@gmail.com)
 [![Connect on LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/--linkedin?label=LinkedIn&logo=LinkedIn&style=social)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yao-fiawomo-justin/)

### Languages and tools :

[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="Spring boot" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/spring/spring-original.svg"  style="padding-right: 10px;" />]

[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="VueJs" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vuejs/vuejs-original.svg" style="padding-right: 10px;" />]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="Javascript" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" style="padding-right: 10px;" />]
[<img align="left" alt="MySQL" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />]
[<img align="left" alt="PostgreSQL" width="26px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" style="padding-right:10px;" />]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="Typescript" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg"  style="padding-right: 10px;" />]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="Html 5" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" style="padding-right: 10px;" />]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="Css 3" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" style="padding-right: 10px;" />]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="Amazon Web Services" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original.svg" style="padding-right: 10px;" />]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="Git" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" style="padding-right: 10px;" />]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="Visual Studio Code" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" style="padding-right: 10px;" />]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="Intelij" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/intellij/intellij-original.svg" style="padding-right: 10px;" />]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="Figma" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" style="padding-right: 11px;" />]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="Adobe Illustrator" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/illustrator/illustrator-plain.svg" style="padding-right: 10px;" />]

[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="Adobe Photoshop" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/photoshop/photoshop-plain.svg" />]

<br />
<br />

### ⭐ GitHub Stats
![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=justinadjassem)
